Tonight...
there will be a minimum of 70 meteor showers during an hour.
According to Korea Astronomy and Space Science Institute,
the Quadrantid meteor shower will be visible late at night...
You startled me.
Why did you stand up?
I must go to Mount Hwangmae.
Are you crazy? It's late.
He promised to take me there during the meteor shower.
- Who? - My friend.
I think...
your friend is with someone else.
Who?
What do you want to say?
What did you want to say so badly?
I'll tell you.
I'll tell you everything.
I had a lot to say.
I don't know where to start.
Start from the beginning.
Start from the day you came to my house.
Is there something else...
you're hiding from me?
I didn't mean to hide it,
but I didn't get a chance to tell you.
You knew that I was human when we first met.
You knew me as Jo Ji A when we first met.
Jo Ji A made Heart Balls at the young entrepreneur competition.
I met her...
before the final evaluation?
I was President Jo who bought and delivered figures.
You met that Ji A before.
That's when...
we first met.
We couldn't find him.
He wasn't home.
We should have followed him and apologized.
It could be the last time.
Will we ever get a chance...
to apologize to him properly and explain ourselves?
It'd be nice to get a chance,
but it's up to him to decide.
I hope...
he'll meet us at least once.
Otherwise, I'll cry every time I think about him.
What's tragedy when seen close but comedy when seen from afar?
- Life? - Life.
It's life.
President Jo?
You're that President Jo?
No way.
That's impossible. I talked to her on the phone many times.
I'd rather hire a robot...
than a person like you.
What makes a robot better than me?
What's that?
You didn't take out the necklace yet.
How...
How did you know that there's a necklace inside?
Do you...
remember now?
If you're telling me the truth,
- didn't I share... - In general,
is touching the lips...
considered a kiss?
Could it be?
Did I tell you all that?
Wait a minute.
This makes no sense.
When Aji 3 was delivered,
I was on the phone with President Jo.
Right, I was on the phone with you.
I told you to go see a doctor.
Aji 3 was in a box.
I was on the phone in the box.
When the box opened, you were standing in front of me.
I was very startled.
So...
My goodness!
I thought you'd find out at that moment.
Doctor Hong said...
Friend Mode will turn on.
You believed him.
Then...
it never existed?
He made up a lie.
Does that mean...
I'm the fool?
I was surprised that you believed him.
Goodness.
How did I fall for it?
Master, you farted.
- I did? - Yes.
- It wasn't me. - Could it be me?
It can't be you.
What about that fart?
No robot would blame others for farting.
Hey.
You must have...
thought that...
I was foolish.
Tell the truth.
I couldn't believe how foolish you were.
That's enough.
Can you believe me now?
No, I can't.
You may be President Jo,
but I can't believe myself for thinking that you were a robot.
I also find it hard to believe.
You're such a creative and smart robot.
You're the first person to call me smart...
That's enough.
Also, my brother didn't know...
that I was doing this.
He isn't like that.
He didn't tell you that Aji 3 looked like me...
for my sake. I promise.
How can I believe that?
If not...
Thank you.
Why would I have had my hair down like that?
I continued to believe you even after that?
Did you call me to confirm that I'm a fool?
You called me.
(Nice Real Estate, Nice Accommodation)
Are you sure Jang Doo Sam lives here?
Madam X told me that he does.
What? Madam X?
I'm not exactly sure who that is.
I just know that Madam X is an informant.
But do you think you'll be able to convince him?
I need to.
He may be our only hope.
Hey, Pai.
This place is the best out of all the places we've seen.
It also has enough space for Aji 3...
Oh, I forgot that we're going to send her away.
- I'm sorry. - Then sign the contract.
I'm sure you chose the right place.
Sun Hye, please give me an Americano.
Okay.
Did you find a place?
I already signed the contract.
We can move in after we send Aji 3 to Chairman Hwang.
But...
did Aji 3 run out of battery?
She kept saying she had to go somewhere.
So I put her on Standby Mode because I got annoyed.
She'll probably get disassembled into pieces...
once Chairman Martin takes her away.
I hope all her parts will end up getting used...
for the benefit of many people.
I'm sorry, Aji 3.
Here's your Americano.
Thank you.
Let's all make a wish during the meteor shower.
Who knows? One of our wishes might come true.
Fine. Now that things have ended up this way,
let's tell each other everything.
Tell me. What else did you lie about?
I didn't lie about anything else,
but I did steal something.
You stole something? What did you steal?
Don't get me wrong. It's not what you think.
Are you an onion?
You have so many layers of things you haven't told me.
I stole what you threw away.
What did I throw away?
You once threw away a bunch of food from your refrigerator...
including the Korean beef that was about to go bad the next day.
You took them from the trash can?
They looked delicious.
I also took a little bit of lettuce and alcohol.
My gosh.
Did you just laugh?
How did you hold in...
your hunger? You must've really wanted to eat the food I cooked.
I got to eat the food you cooked at Geoje Island.
Everything was really delicious.
What else is there? Hurry up and tell me.
There's nothing else.
- Are you sure? - Yes, I'm sure.
Are you really...
sure?
Yes.
Who's Hong Joo?
I have a question.
Yes?
Why...
aren't you angry at me?
I expected you to beat me up a little.
Lawyers always try to think of things in both...
the assailant and the victim's point of view.
That's why I was able to understand.
You guys didn't start off very well,
but I could see that your sincerity...
started to build up with time.
That's why I felt sorry for everyone.
I felt sorry for Director Kim, my sister,
and the Santa Maria Research Team.
But do you know this?
You can feel the other person's sincerity...
once that person's caught in a crisis.
I'm trying to say that...
Director Kim isn't the only person...
who has the key to resolve this issue.
If that was the case, that would be too cruel.
Each and every one of you need to take responsibility.
The lawsuit will get filed by the court tomorrow.
Okay.
Okay. Then what did you think of me...
when you...
first met me as a human being?
- You were a nasty jerk. - What?
You left without even giving me the remaining amount of money.
Back then, I didn't even know about your allergy.
But of course, I did realize that I was mistaken...
once I saw the figure box at your house.
- What about after that? - After that,
I thought of you as a crazy psycho.
I mean, I really couldn't help but think that way.
You celebrated your robot vacuum cleaner's birthday.
And you told me that there's a rank for every single machine.
It was impossible for me to think of you as a normal person.
You told me to only tell you the truth.
Okay, fine.
And then?
But after a certain point,
I suddenly started to feel sorry for you.
I was dumbfounded by...
everything you said at first.
But they all suddenly started to sound sad.
So the more I spent time with you,
and the more I got to know you,
I kept feeling sad.
So?
So...
I started to wish for your happiness.
So?
I wanted to do everything I could...
in order to make you become happy.
I can't hear you because you have a small voice.
Come next to me.
[VIU Ver] E27 I'm Not a Robot "I Really Need You"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Tell me everything again...
from the start.
You don't need to get married to Min Kyu as you wished.
I couldn't force you to get married to someone you didn't want to.
Are you serious?
Min Kyu's probably going to have to resign from KM Financial.
Then, Yoo Cheol will get to come back.
You're better off with Yoo Cheol than Min Kyu anyway.
Yoo Cheol?
Why are you suddenly mentioning Yoo Cheol?
We're expecting some guests. I want you to welcome them.
My goodness. Ri El, it's been so long.
- Hello, Chairman Hwang. - Don't call me that.
You can just call me Mr. Hwang when we're outside the company.
No, wait. You'll be calling me your father-in-law soon.
Pardon?
Let's talk while we eat.
- Oh, sure. - Okay.
I'm sorry. Please excuse me for a moment.
Ri El.
- Wait. - Shut it. Don't say anything.
You're just as bad.
I didn't know. I didn't know anything about this.
I can't trust you anymore.
I'm not even sure if you're still...
the Hwang Yoo Cheol that I used to know.
Apart from feeling sorry for me,
has your heart ever fluttered because of me?
It's really nothing.
There's nothing special about it.
Just tell me everything.
I want to know everything...
I didn't know while I was with you.
My heart fluttered...
every morning on my way to your house.
When you told me that I was your treasure...
and asked me to stay with you forever,
it kind of felt as if you were proposing to me.
And when you cut yourself...
- just so you could protect me... - Did you cut yourself?
Why are you cooking so aggressively?
It was like you were a knight.
I saved you when you had an outbreak.
Then...
I thought, "Gosh, I can't believe there's a guy who smiles like this."
Back then...
Weren't you scared?
To be honest, I was scared.
But I remembered something you'd said.
However I change,
I hope...
you will recognize me.
That's when I realized how desperately sincere...
you actually were.
What else?
Each time you stroked my head,
I felt happy and excited.
Guess what?
I really didn't like it at first.
But then I got used to it,
and I got upset when you wouldn't stroke me.
What else?
That day,
when you got drunk...
and said you wished I were human.
Fold a finger...
if you wished that robot were human.
I thought...
my heart would explode.
I felt so sorry...
and happy.
That's why I leaned in close to you and said this.
I'm...
not a robot.
How pretty.
You're prettier.
We're...
a nuisance, aren't we?
Sorry.
We'll get out of your way when we move in a few days.
It's fine. It's like the cafe's bustling with customers.
Did you...
always have curly hair?
Yes, it's genetic.
You're pretty now,
but you'd look much nicer with straighter hair.
I feel so sorry for you.
I heard you had many boyfriends.
Why don't you have one now?
I have a chronic disease.
At first, I hold onto the guy because he shines like a star.
But then I look into my hand and see he's just a rock.
All my relationships were like that.
They say the first humans were made of atomic dust.
Why look for a star outside when they're inside you?
- Shall we date? - Yes. Wait, what?
Your answer?
Stars.
If that's what you want.
Ears, ears.
Sleep.
So...
when you reset me,
I couldn't say anything to you.
I couldn't tell you the truth.
I felt terrible.
Was it...
very hard?
It was bearable.
I liked being able to see you.
I liked it that you looked at me.
I paid the price for forgetting that I was deceiving you.
Back then,
when you followed me to Geoje Island,
I'm really sorry I pretended not to know you.
When you called out to me...
Hi.
Aji 3.
I thought my heart fell to the floor.
That night, in the warehouse,
I was so worried that you'd...
find out and have an outbreak.
But I got to see your face...
and hear your voice.
That made me so happy.
I really didn't want time to keep on going.
I should've told you the truth then.
I'm really sorry.
I'm right here.
What...
I really wanted to say to you,
I'll say now.
That day,
the day it rained.
The day you held an umbrella over me.
- The day I kissed... - Stop.
The best gift...
should be put aside.
I want to...
keep that one unopened.
Thank you...
for being truthful.
For telling me everything I wanted to know and...
for making the time...
that we shared together...
a beautiful memory that I can cherish forever.
With those memories,
I think I can...
get through...
the rest of my life.
What do you mean by that?
I should get back to where I was before.
What do you mean?
Perhaps...
I may never...
be able to touch you.
I endured it...
during the last 15 years. I can't put you through it too.
So...
this is...
the end for us.
I can't watch the meteor showers with you.
Otherwise,
the memory will be emotionally unbearable.
Therefore,
our time together...
is over.
Goodbye.
Aji 3.
Ji A.
How can you leave like this?
Stop right there.
The one who gave me the love I ever wanted...
was you.
The one whom I miss every day...
is you.
It's not because you need me.
I really need you.
It's because...
you're the one...
I've been looking and waiting for all my life.
You don't know, do you?
This is what I really wanted to tell you before the reset.
I love you.
We missed the meteor shower.
I wanted to make a wish.
My wish...
just came true.
What was it?
(Episode 28 will air shortly.)